Add `Catch French Dual Tournament` wiki article (#7992)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/CFC/CFDT_1/en.md

The **Catch French Dual Tournament** (***CFDT***) was a French double-elimination 2v2 osu!catch tournament hosted by ::{ flag=FR }:: [Hecatia15](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3163012) and ::{ flag=FR }:: [\_yosh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7157133). Teams consisted of two players, where the first player was ranked between #100 and #799, and the latter was ranked between #800 and #2,999. It was the first instalment of the Catch French Dual Tournament and part of the Catch French Cup series.

## Tournament schedule

| Event | Timestamp |
| --: | :-- |
| Registration phase | 2021-04-11/2021-04-25 |
| Screening phase | 2021-04-25/2021-05-02 |
| Qualifiers | 2021-05-08/2021-05/09 |
| Quarterfinals | 2021-05-15/2021-05-16 |
| Semifinals | 2021-05-22/2021-05-23 |
| Finals | 2021-05-29 |
| Grand Finals | 2021-06-05 |

## Prizes

| Placing | Prize(s) |
| :-: | :-- |
| ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | Unique profile badge, 2 months of osu!supporter |
| ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | 1 month of osu!supporter |
| ![Bronze crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | 1 month of osu!supporter |

![](img/badge.jpg "CFDT winner badge")

> Generous donation from ::{ flag=FR }:: [Hecatia15](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3163012), ::{ flag=FR }:: [MitsukeZ](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12943161), ::{ flag=FR }:: [JustinBrizou](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/21879889), and ::{ flag=FR }:: [Yruama](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8221467) helped fund some of the prizes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generous donations from ::{ flag=FR }:: [Hecatia15](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3163012), ::{ flag=FR }:: [MitsukeZ](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12943161), ::{ flag=FR }:: [JustinBrizou](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/21879889), and ::{ flag=FR }:: [Yruama](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8221467) helped fund some of the prizes.
```

| Convert players but no fc | 0 | **6** | **Oask'eyeS** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/83980455) |

Sunday, 23 May 2021:

| Team 1 |  |  | Team 2 | Match link |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| Convert player but no fc | 3 | **6** | **CFIC1 group B High/Top seed** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/84032739) |

### Quarterfinals

Saturday, 15 May 2021:

| Team 1 |  |  | Team 2 | Match link |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| **Oask'eyeS** | **5** | 2 | TheFramazing | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/83397766) |
| **Nameless** | **5** | 1 | Rocma Fanclub | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/83401025) |

Sunday, 16 May 2021:

| Team 1 |  |  | Team 2 | Match link |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| **Convert players but no fc** | **5** | 3 | Cuties | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/83477551) |
| Cuties | 4 | **5** | **TheFramazing** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/83480808) |
| **les bg** | **5** | 2 | CFIC1 group B High/Top seed | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/83484015) |
| Rocma Fanclub | 1 | **5** | **CFIC1 group B High/Top seed** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/83490594) |

### Qualifiers

> *Qualifiers match result is unavailable, due to lack of documentation.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Qualifiers match results are unavailable, due to lack of documentation.*
```
